h2. SproutCore Tips and Tricks

After reading this guide, you will be able to:

* Gain a better understanding of SproutCore.

endprologue.

h3. Creation of objects

* Always extend from +SC.Object+ (or a subclass)
* Extension is done using +SC.Object.extend({...})+
* Never use @new@ to instanciate new objects. Instead, use +TheObject.create(...)+
* All objects have generic +set(key, value)+ and +get(key)+ methods, *which should be used
  under all circumstances!

The following example shows this:

<javascript>
var Foo = SC.Object.extend({
	someValue: 'hello',
	myMethod: function() {
		alert(this.get('someValue'));
	}
});

var fooInstance = Foo.create({
	someValue: 'world'
});
fooInstance.myMethod(); // outputs "world"
</javascript>


h3. Data Binding tips and tricks

To create a *computed property*, implement it as function and append +.property()+:

<javascript>
var Foo = SC.Object.extend({
	someComputedValue: function() {
		return "myMethod";
	}.property()

});
</javascript>

If your computed property reads other values, specify the dependent values as
parameters to @property()@. If the computed property is deterministic and depends only on the
dependant values, it should be marked further with @.cacheable()@.

<javascript>
var Foo = SC.Object.extend({
	name: 'world',
	greeting: function() {
		return "Hello " + this.attr('name');
	}.property('name').cacheable()

});
</javascript>

Now, every time @name@ changes, the system re-evaluates @greeting@.

NOTE: Forgetting @.cacheable()@ can have severe performance improvements and result
      in circular loops, in worst case freezing the browser completely.

h4. Views and Bindings

WARNING: Not yet 100% clear yet

TODO: Document the "fooBinding: "... stuff

TODO: @Christopher: Document the ".observes()" stuff.

h3. Changelog

* July 11, 2011: Initial version by "Sebastian Kurfürst":credits.html#skurfuerst
